AWS-CloudTrail new attributes (#25725)
demisto/content: Packs/AWS-CloudTrail/ReleaseNotes/1_0_9.md

#### Integrations

##### AWS - CloudTrail

> - Added the *AccessKeyId* and *ReadOnly* attribute keys to the **aws-cloudtrail-lookup-events** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *AccessKeyId* and *ReadOnly* options to the *attributeKey* argument in the ***aws-cloudtrail-lookup-events*** command.
```
